Add SYNDA drs for CMIP5 and CMIP6 (closes #582) (#583)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: doc/quickstart/find_data.rst

DRS as a standard is used for both file naming conventions and for directory
structures.

Synda
-----

> If `synda <http://prodiguer.github.io/synda/>`_ is used to download data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `synda install <https://prodiguer.github.io/synda/sdt/user_guide.html#synda-install>`_ command is used to download data,
```
